DOCC: 0.5/0.6 update: basic permissions (#3770)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/devops-command-center.rst

5. Rename the **Default Stage**, defining one or more steps to be taken by members of the incident.
6. Optionally use descriptions on steps to add additional context for members of the incident. Descriptions support a limited form of markdown, including text styling and hyperlinks.
7. Optionally define a slash command with the step, simplifying the completion of steps in the incident.
8. Configure whether the incident channel should be public or private within the team.
9. Optionally share this playbook with other members of the team to allow them to use the playbook to start an incident, as well as edit the stages, steps and configuration.

Starting an incident
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To start an incident, use one of the following steps:

- Use the slash command */incident start* from any channel.
- Select the shield icon in the channel header, and click **+ Start Incident**
- Use the context menu of a post and select **Start incident**.

An interactive dialog appears prompting the selection of a playbook and channel name. Click **Start Incident** to create an incident with the selected playbook. Only playbook members can use the playbook to start an incident.

> The newly created incident channel is the central place for discussion related to the incident. The incident bot announces the creator of the incident with a post int he channel. If an incident is started from the context menu of a post, the text of that post is included in the announcement message.

Author: ```suggestion
The newly-created incident channel is the central place for discussion related to the incident. The incident bot announces the creator of the incident with a post in the channel. If an incident is started from the context menu of a post, the text of that post is included in the announcement message.
```

Interacting with an incident
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Browsing to an incident channel automatically opens the RHS showing the current commander, duration, active stage and corresponding steps. Any member of the user is free to change the commander, view other stages, mark a new stage as active, or mark a step as completed.

Some steps may be assigned slash commands which can be run at any time by clicking **(Run)** next to the slash command. Use slash commands to expedite the completion of a step, such as inviting a user to the channel or triggering some third-party integration.

Ending incidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To end an active incident, browse to the incident channel and use one of the following steps:

> - Use the slash command */incident end*.

Author: ```suggestion
- The slash command */incident end*.
```

> - Use the **End Incident** button in the RHS.

Author: ```suggestion
- The **End Incident** button in the RHS.
```

Browsing incidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks**.

> 2. With **Incidents** selected in the top menu, view the incidents in the current team.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Select **Incidents** in the top menu to view the incidents in the current team.
```

Only public incidents and incidents in which the active user is a member are displayed. System administrators have access to all incidents, whether or not they are members.

> Click on an incident to view additional metadata such as duration, number of involved members, number of messages posted to the channel, and a timeline of when steps were resolved. Optionally filter the list of incidents to show only ongoing incidents, or incidents for whom a given user is the commander.

Author: ```suggestion
Click on an incident to view additional metadata such as duration, number of involved members, number of messages posted to the channel, and a timeline of when steps were resolved. Optionally filter the list of incidents to include only ongoing incidents or the incident's commander.
```

Exporting channels
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If your server is licensed for E20, and the channel export plugin is installed and active, navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks**, select an incident, then choose **Export Incident Channel** in the top-right corner to download the contents of the incident channel as a CSV. The file excludes attachments, but includes system messages.

Author: ```suggestion
If your server is licensed for E20, and the channel export plugin is installed and active, navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks** to select an incident you want to export. Choose **Export Incident Channel** in the top-right corner to download the contents as a CSV. 

The file excludes attachments, but includes system messages.
```

If you have an E20 license but the channel export plugin is not installed, or the plugin is installed but not enabled, it’s not possible to select **Export Incident Channel**.

Permissions
~~~~~~~~~~~

Incidents and playbooks are associated with teams in Mattermost. Incident channels are created based on playbooks, which define whether an incident channel is public or private. Read more about `public and private channels <https://docs.mattermost.com/help/getting-started/organizing-conversations.html>`_.

> Only members of the team in which the playbook or incident is defined have access. Furthermore, membership of playbook is independent of membership in incidents:

Author: ```suggestion
Only members of the team in which the playbook or incident is defined have access. Additionally, membership of playbook is independent of membership in incidents:
```

- Use the context menu of a post and select **Start incident**.

An interactive dialog appears prompting the selection of a playbook and channel name. Click **Start Incident** to create an incident with the selected playbook. Only playbook members can use the playbook to start an incident.

The newly-created incident channel is the central place for discussion related to the incident. The incident bot announces the creator of the incident with a post in the channel. If an incident is started from the context menu of a post, the text of that post is included in the announcement message.

The creator of a playbook is automatically added as the first member and becomes the commander. The commander is responsible for adding other members to the incident as needed, and may assign a new commander once a member is added to the channel. To change commanders, click the current commander's name in the RHS and select the new commander. Only members of the channel may be selected as commanders. To change commander to a user who is not in the channel, first add the user to the channel. 

Interacting with an incident
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Browsing to an incident channel automatically opens the RHS showing the current commander, duration, active stage and corresponding steps. Any member of the user is free to change the commander, view other stages, mark a new stage as active, or mark a step as completed.

Reviewer: Typo here:
```suggestion
Browsing to an incident channel automatically opens the RHS showing the current commander, duration, active stage and corresponding steps. Any member of the incident is free to change the commander, view other stages, mark a new stage as active, or mark a step as completed.
```

> Some steps may be assigned slash commands which can be run at any time by clicking **(Run)** next to the slash command. Use slash commands to expedite the completion of a step, such as inviting a user to the channel or triggering some third-party integration.

Reviewer: Can we add a description of the new feature for assigning items to members, or is that out of scope? Something like
"Each step can be optionally assigned to a member of the incident. Click on the **No assignee** label below the step title to select the assignee."

Ending incidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To end an active incident, browse to the incident channel and use one of the following steps:

- The slash command */incident end*.
- The **End Incident** button in the RHS.

Browsing incidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks**.
2. Select **Incidents** in the top menu to view the incidents in the current team.

Only public incidents and incidents in which the active user is a member are displayed. System administrators have access to all incidents, whether or not they are members.

> Click on an incident to view additional metadata such as duration, number of involved members, number of messages posted to the channel, and a timeline of when steps were resolved. Optionally filter the list of incidents to include only ongoing incidents or the incident's commander.

Reviewer: I did not understand the last part of this line, "Optionally filter the list of incidents to include only ongoing incidents or the incident's commander." Do you mean filtering by commander?

> Click on an incident to view additional metadata such as duration, number of involved members, number of messages posted to the channel, and a timeline of when steps were resolved. Optionally filter the list of incidents to include only ongoing incidents or the incident's commander.

Author: ```suggestion
Click on an incident to view additional metadata such as duration, number of involved members, number of messages posted to the channel, and a timeline of when steps were resolved. You can also filter the list of incidents by commander or ongoing incidents.
```

Author: Thanks, @agarciamontoro, good catch. I've reworded.

When you start an incident, you need to either create a playbook or select an existing one.

**Creating a new playbook**

The creator of a playbook is automatically added as the first member and can remove themselves once other members have been added. Only playbook members can use the playbook to start an incident - System Admins must be added to the member list to have access to a playbook.

You can also create a new playbook outside of an incident. Select **+ New Playbook** to start a new playbook using either the blank template, or the **Incident Response Playbook** template provided.

**Selecting an existing playbook**

You can select any existing playbook that you have access to, from the drop-down list provided, when starting an incident.

**Viewing playbooks**

Open **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks** to view the playbooks associated with the current team and create a new one.

Stages and steps
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When you create a playbook you can group your tasks into stages which have accompanying steps. Each step can be assigned a slash command. The steps within each stage must be completed in the order they're listed.

> Stages and steps are optional, and can be left empty by default. You can add stages and steps to a playbook that's being used in an active incident, but they won't be applied to the active incident.

Author: @agarciamontoro, I just tested this on a private playbook using the incident response template. Can you confirm that this is correct for all playbooks?

Reviewer: @justinegeffen:

> The steps within each stage must be completed in the order they're listed.

This is not correct. You can complete the steps in the order you want.

> Stages and steps are optional, and can be left empty by default.

Not anymore! This was actually the cause of the bug you reported. After https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-incident-response/pull/247, playbook must contain at least one stage with at least one step. In fact, if you add a stage with no steps, it will be filtered out and not added to the final playbook.

> You can add stages and steps to a playbook that's being used in an active incident, but they won't be applied to the active incident.

This is correct!

Viewing and creating playbooks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Open **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks** to open the playbooks backstage and view the public playbooks associated with the current team. Select **+ New Playbook** to start a new playbook.

Reviewer 2: Only playbooks of which you are a member show up:

```suggestion
 Open **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks** to open the playbooks backstage and view the your playbooks associated with the current team. Select **+ New Playbook** to start a new playbook. 
```

Public and private incidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Incident channels can be public or private, based on the settings of the playbook used for the incident.

- **Public:** Anyone in the team can view the incident details and join the incident channel. The incident details are visible to all team members during the active incident and after the incident has ended.

> - **Private:** Only incident members who were members of the channel when the incident started have access to the ongoing incident and incident details after the incident has ended. Private incidents can't be made public once they've been started.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **Private:** Only incident members who are members of the incident channel have access to the ongoing incident and incident details after the incident has ended. Private incidents can't be made public once they've been started. 
```

Private incidents don't appear in the backstage when they're active, and the contents of the channel won't show up in a search query. If an incident was public and changed to private, it can't be accessed by non-participants unless they're invited by a member of the incident channel.

**Creating a public playbook and incident**

1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks**.
2. Select **+ New Playbook**.
3. Enter a name for the playbook.
4. Move the toggle to the right to **Create Public Incident**.
5. Add a few checklist items.
6. Select **Save**.
7. Switch to the main channel view.
8. Create an incident by selecting the playbook you just created.

**Creating a private playbook and incident**

1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks**.
2. Select **+ New Playbook**.
3. Enter a name for the playbook.
4. Keep the **Create Public Incident** option disabled.
5. Add a few checklist items.
6. Select **Save**.
7. Switch to the main channel view.
8. Create an incident by selecting the playbook you just created.

> Editing checklists

Reviewer 2: Checklists within an incident are now immutable, so we can remove this section altogether.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can edit checklist items and their position in the checklist when they are not part of an active incident.

1. Select **!** in the channel header of an active incident.
2. Choose **Edit**.
  - To edit: Select the text field to edit details.
  - To delete: Hover over an input box and select the **X** to remove the checklist item.
  - To move: Drag the hamburger menu to rearrange the checklist items.
3. Choose **Done** to save the changes.

Ending incidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There are two ways to end an incident:

- Using the slash command */incident end* from within the incident channel.
- Using the **End Incident** button in the RHS panel while in the incident channel.

> The incident will become inactive, is removed from the list of active incidents, and the associated channel is archived.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove this paragraph, since there is no longer a list of active incidents, and we don't automatically archive the channel.
```suggestion
```

Administrator's Guide
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Incidents and playbooks are associated with teams in Mattermost. Participants can be added to an incident by other incident members inviting them to the incident's channel. Incidents are created based on playbooks, and are public or private depending on the playbook's settings. 

Permissions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

System Admins and Team Admins can edit the visibility of, and access to, playbooks and incidents so that:

- Users who are removed from an incident channel by a System Admin can no longer access the incident's playbook.

> - Team members who aren't System or Team Admins can invite other team members to manage private playbooks.

Reviewer 2: Team Admins currently have no special privileges within the incident response domain model, so let's remove all references to them for now.

- Team members who aren't System or Team Admins can't be removed from an incident by other members of the team.
- Team members who aren't System or Team Admins can't have access to playbooks removed by other members of the team.

Managing incident channel visibility
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> System Admins can manage the visibility of channels by converting them into private incident channels. When a public incident is converted to a private incident, it can't be accessed by members who weren't in the channel at the time of the conversion, unless they're invited by a channel member. In addition, the contents of the channel won't show up in a search query or in the incident list in the incident backstage. 

Reviewer 2: System admins, and I believe any channel administrator can do this as well. Most of this is "normal private channel behaviour", so wondering if we should eschew documenting that in favour of highlighting "what's different"?

Once a public incident is converted to a private incident the change cannot be reversed. Non-participants who are in the same team can be added to the channel by an admin.

**Creating a private incident channel**

1. Create an incident via **! > Create Incident**.
2. From the channel header, click the dropdown and select **Convert to Private Channel**.
3. In the confirmation box, select “Yes.”
4. Open the incident backstage, select the incident, and confirm that it is listed as **Private**.

**Converting a public incident channel into a private incident channel as a participant**

1. Join an active incident channel.
2. From the channel header, click the dropdown and select **Convert to Private Channel**.
3. In the confirmation box, select “Yes.”
4. Open the incident backstage, select the incident, and confirm that it is listed as **Private**.

Managing playbooks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> System and Team Admins can modify playbook editing permissions and visibility.

Reviewer 2: ```
Any member of a playbook as well as all system admins can modify playbook editing permissions and visibility.
```

Select **!** in the channel header to open the RHS panel. Select the **Playbooks** icon to open the playbooks backstage and list all playbooks associated with the current team. Select **+ New Playbook** to start a new playbook and checklist. Enter a playbook name and choose **Save Playbook**.

Public and private incidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Incident channels can be public or private, based on the settings of the playbook used for the incident.

- **Public:** Anyone in the team can view the incident details and join the incident channel. The incident details are visible to all team members during the active incident and after the incident has ended.
- **Private:** Only incident members who were members of the channel when the incident started have access to the ongoing incident and incident details after the incident has ended. Private incidents can't be made public once they've been started.

> Private incidents don't appear in the backstage when they're active, and the contents of the channel won't show up in a search query. If an incident was public and changed to private, it can't be accessed by non-participants unless they're invited by a member of the incident channel.

Author: @agarciamontoro, to confirm, do they show up in the backstage when they're ended or are they only visible to members of the incident whether they're active or ended?

Reviewer: @justinegeffen the latter: they are only visible to members of the incident whether they're active or ended. In general, the backstage lists all public incidents, and all private incidents that the user is a member of, regardless of their status (ongoing or ended)

Reviewer 2: I /think/ we can just eliminate this paragraph, since there's no additional constraints here. 

```suggestion
```

> Private incidents don't appear in the RHS or in the backstage when they're active, and the contents of the channel won't show up in a search query. If an incident was public and changed to private, it can't be accessed by non-participants unless they're invited by a member of the incident channel.

Author: ```suggestion
Private incidents don't appear in the backstage when they're active, and the contents of the channel won't show up in a search query. If an incident was public and changed to private, it can't be accessed by non-participants unless they're invited by a member of the incident channel.
```

Select **!** in the channel header to open the RHS panel. Select the **Playbooks** icon to open the playbooks backstage and list all playbooks associated with the current team. Select **+ New Playbook** to start a new playbook and checklist. Enter a playbook name and choose **Save Playbook**.

Public and private incidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Incidents can be:

**Public:** Anyone in the team can view the incident details and join the incident channel.

> **Private:** Only incident members who were in the incident when it was started have access to the ongoing incident and view incident details after the incident has ended.

Reviewer 3: These are not rendering as a list.

> - **Private:** Only incident members who were in the incident when it was started have access to the ongoing incident and view incident details after the incident has ended.

Reviewer: Nit: "Only incident members who were in the incident when it was started" may be a bit misleading, because you can invite people to the channel after the incident was started. Maybe we can reword it to something like
```suggestion
- **Private:** Only incident members who were members of the channel of the incident have access to the ongoing incident and view incident details after the incident has ended.
```
That came up a bit convoluted, even cumbersome, just wanted to showcase what I mean.

> **Creating a public incident channel**

Author: ```suggestion
**Creating a public playbook and incident**
```

> 1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks**.
```

2. Select **+ New Playbook**.
3. Enter a name for the playbook.
4. Move the toggle to the right to **Create Public Incident**.
5. Add a few checklist items.

> 6. Select **Save**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. Select **Save**.
```

7. Switch to the main channel view.
8. Create an incident by selecting the playbook you just created.

> **Creating a private incident channel**

Author: ```suggestion
**Creating a private playbook and incident**
```

> 1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks**.
```

2. Select **+ New Playbook**.
3. Enter a name for the playbook.
4. Keep the **Create Public Incident** option disabled.
5. Add a few checklist items.

> 6. Select **Save**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. Select **Save**.
```

7. Switch to the main channel view.

> 8. Create an incident by selecting the playbook you just created.

Reviewer: Just an idea: maybe we can focus this on playbooks instead of incidents, because `Creating a public/private incident channel` only depends on the playbook selected.

Author: That's a good idea, can definitely do that.

Author: @agarciamontoro, I've done a minor change to this to bring it in line with your feedback. Once this is merged I'll do a second review and rewrite.

> Private incidents are invisible to non-participants: they do not appear in the RHS when active, nor anywhere in the backstage. Private incidents cannot be made public once they've been started. If an incident was public and changed to private, it can't be accessed by non-participants thereafter, and the contents of the channel won't show up in a search query.

Author: ```suggestion
Private incidents aren't visible to non-members, they do not appear in the RHS or in the backstage when active. Private incidents cannot be made public once they've been started. If an incident was public and changed to private, it can't be accessed by non-participants thereafter, and the contents of the channel won't show up in a search query.
```

Editing checklists
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can edit checklist items and their position in the checklist during an active incident as well as checklist items in playbooks not currently being used in active incidents.

Author: ```suggestion
You can edit checklist items and their position in the checklist when they are not currently being used in active incidents.
```

1. Select **!** in the channel header of an active incident.
2. Choose **Edit**.

>    - To edit: Select the text field to edit details.

Reviewer 3: The bullet points are note rendering as a list.

Reviewer 3: This one still reproduces.

  - To delete: Hover over an input box and select the **X** to remove the checklist item.
  - To move: Drag the hamburger menu to rearrange the checklist items.

> 3. Choose **Done** to save the changes.

Reviewer: We can no longer edit checklist items in the checklist during an active incident: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-incident-response/pull/211 And I think we can always edit a playbook, even if it's currently being used in active incidents.

Ending incidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There are two ways to end an incident:

- Using the slash command */incident end* from within the incident channel.
- Using the **End Incident** button in the RHS panel while in the incident channel.

The incident will become inactive, is removed from the list of active incidents, and the associated channel is archived.

Administrator's Guide
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Incidents and playbooks are associated with teams in Mattermost. Participants can be added to an incident by other incident members inviting them to the incident's channel. By default, all incidents are public (available to all members of a team). An incident can be made private during creation, or it can be made private after it has been created. 

Author: ```suggestion
Incidents and playbooks are associated with teams in Mattermost. Participants can be added to an incident by other incident members inviting them to the incident's channel. Incidents are created based on playbooks, and are public or private depending on the playbook's settings. 
```

> Incidents and playbooks are associated with teams in Mattermost. Participants can be added to an incident by other incident members inviting them to the incident's channel. By default, all incidents are public (available to all members of a team). An incident can be made private during creation, or it can be made private after it has been created. 

Reviewer: This also changed: incidents are public/private depending on the playbook (which is a required field now). They can only be made through the playbook selected.

Author: I've made a suggestion below.

Permissions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

System Admins and Team Admins can edit the visibility of, and access to, playbooks and incidents so that:

- Users who are removed from an incident channel by a System Admin can no longer access the incident's playbook.

> - Team members who aren't System or Team Admins can't invite other team members to manage private playbooks.

Author: ```suggestion
- Team members who aren't System or Team Admins can invite other team members to manage private playbooks.
```

> - Users who are removed from an incident channel by a System Admin can no longer access the incident's playbook.

Reviewer: Membership of playbooks and incidents is independent:
- Playbooks have members, that are managed by those members (the first member is always the one creating the playbook). See https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-incident-response/pull/191.
- Incidents participants are the same as channel members: if someone invites you to a private incident channel, or you join a public incident channel, you become a member/participant of that incident.

> - Team members who aren't System or Team Admins can't invite other team members to manage private playbooks.

Reviewer: They can now. (same link as before: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-incident-response/pull/191)

- Team members who aren't System or Team Admins can't be removed from an incident by other members of the team.
- Team members who aren't System or Team Admins can't have access to playbooks removed by other members of the team.

In addition, System and Team Admins can allow:

> - Public playbooks to be deleted by team members whether they're participants in an incident channel or not.

Reviewer: I think any playbook member can delete a playbook. Also, with `public playbook` do you mean playbooks that create public incidents?

Managing incident channel visibility
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> System Admins can manage the visibility of channels by converting them into private incident channels. When a public incident is converted to a private incident, it can't be accessed by members who weren't in the channel at the time of the conversion. In addition, the contents of the channel won't show up in a search query or in the incident list in the incident backstage. 

Reviewer: nit: "it can't be accessed by members who weren't in the channel at the time of the conversion" is true, unless someone invites new members to that private channel.

> System Admins can manage the visibility of channels by converting them into private incident channels. When a public incident is converted to a private incident, it can't be accessed by members who weren't in the channel at the time of the conversion. In addition, the contents of the channel won't show up in a search query or in the incident list in the incident backstage. 

Author: ```suggestion
System Admins can manage the visibility of channels by converting them into private incident channels. When a public incident is converted to a private incident, it can't be accessed by members who weren't in the channel at the time of the conversion, unless they're invited by a channel member. In addition, the contents of the channel won't show up in a search query or in the incident list in the incident backstage. 
```

Once a public incident is converted to a private incident the change cannot be reversed. Non-participants who are in the same team can be added to the channel by an admin.

**Creating a private incident channel**

1. Create an incident via **! > Create Incident**.
2. From the channel header, click the dropdown and select **Convert to Private Channel**.

> 3. In the confirmation box, select “Yes..”

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
3. In the confirmation box, select “Yes.”
```

4. Open the incident backstage, select the incident, and confirm that it is listed as **Private**.

**Converting a public incident channel into a private incident channel as a participant**

1. Join an active incident channel.
2. From the channel header, click the dropdown and select **Convert to Private Channel**.

> 3. In the confirmation box, select “Yes..”

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
3. In the confirmation box, select “Yes.”
```

4. Open the incident backstage, select the incident, and confirm that it is listed as **Private**.

Managing playbooks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

System and Team Admins can modify playbook editing permissions and visibility.

**Adding a user as a playbook editor**

> 1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks**.
```

2. Search for the playbook you want to edit.
3. Select **Edit**.
4. Invite a team member to edit the playbook.
5. Select **Save Playbook**.

**Removing a user from a playbook**

> 1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks > Playbooks**.
```

Select **!** in the channel header to open the RHS panel. Select the **Playbooks** icon to open the playbooks backstage and list all playbooks associated with the current team. Select **+ New Playbook** to start a new playbook and checklist. Enter a playbook name and choose **Save Playbook**.

> Public and private incidents

Author: This is for the user's guide, aimed at members (not admins).

System Admins and Team Admins can edit the visibility of, and access to, playbooks and incidents so that:

- Users who are removed from an incident channel by a System Admin can no longer access the incident's playbook.
- Team members who aren't System or Team Admins can't invite other team members to manage private playbooks.
- Team members who aren't System or Team Admins can't be removed from an incident by other members of the team.
- Team members who aren't System or Team Admins can't have access to playbooks removed by other members of the team.

In addition, System and Team Admins can allow:

- Public playbooks to be deleted by team members whether they're participants in an incident channel or not.

Managing incident channel visibility
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

System Admins can manage the visibility of channels by converting them into private incident channels. When a public incident is converted to a private incident, it can't be accessed by members who weren't in the channel at the time of the conversion. In addition, the contents of the channel won't show up in a search query or in the incident list in the incident backstage. 

> Once a public incident is converted to a private incident the change cannot be reversed. Non-participants who are in the same team can be added to the channel by an admin.

Author: Confirm that this is correct (not able to reverse the change).

Reviewer: I don't really know. I'll look into this, but it's a general feature of Mattermost in any case.

Reviewer 2: It's not possible to do this within the UX, but it can be done by a system administrator with access to the CLI. Again, this is technically all documented as part our existing channel permissions behaviour (nothing new), so propose we defer to that documentation?

Viewing incident details
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To view details of active incidents associated with your Mattermost team, select **!** in the channel header to open the RHS panel. If there are no active incidents, you can view details of incidents that have ended. If an incident is public you can view details. If an incident is private you will not be able to view the details.

Reviewer: There is no longer a list of incidents in the RHS. The **!** icon just shows the details of the incident if in an incident channel. If not, it suggests to create a new one.

> To view details of active incidents associated with your Mattermost team, select **!** in the channel header to open the RHS panel. If there are no active incidents, you can view details of incidents that have ended. If an incident is public you can view details. If an incident is private you will not be able to view the details.

Author: ```suggestion
To view details of ongoing and ended incidents associated with your Mattermost team, open **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks**. Select an incident's name to view its details.
```

> To view details of active incidents associated with your Mattermost team, select **!** in the channel header to open the RHS panel. If there are no active incidents, you can view details of incidents that have ended. If an incident is public you can view details. If an incident is private you will not be able to view the details.

Author: ```suggestion
To view details of ongoing and ended incidents associated with your Mattermost team, open **Main Menu > Incidents & Playbooks**. Select an incident's name to view its details.
```
